# Ghostty theme
theme = catppuccin-macchiato

# Shell integrations
shell-integration = zsh

# Font family
font-family = MonoLisa
font-style = Regular
font-style-italic = Regular Italic
font-style-bold = Bold
font-style-bold-italic = Bold Italic

# Font size
font-size = 14

# Opacity of split windows
unfocused-split-opacity = 0.97  

# Set the background-opacity to be fully opaque
background-opacity = 1.0

# Cursor style
cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = true

# Clipboard settings
clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-write = allow
copy-on-select = clipboard

# macos options
macos-option-as-alt = true
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden

# Always show ghostty as the title
title = ghostty 
# Window settings
window-width = 90
window-height = 30
window-colorspace = display-p3
window-padding-color = background
window-padding-balance = true
window-padding-x = 0
window-padding-y = 0

# Mouse settings
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 2

# split
keybind = cmd+s>r=reload_config
keybind = cmd+s>x=close_surface

keybind = cmd+s>n=new_window
keybind = cmd+s>\=new_split:right
keybind = cmd+s>-=new_split:down

keybind = cmd+s>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = cmd+s>k=goto_split:top
keybind = cmd+s>h=goto_split:left
keybind = cmd+s>l=goto_split:right

keybind = cmd+s>z=toggle_split_zoom

keybind = cmd+s>e=equalize_splits

